Monopoly Game User Manual
Screen Layout:
  Bottom Left: Text channel that explains what has happened that turn

  Bottom Right: The buttons that allow the players to preform actions on their turn
  
  Top Left: Current Player's information (Name, Balance, etc...)

  Top Center to Right: The map with the tiles + their names and player icons

Starting Off:
  At the begining of the game there is the option to begin a new game or load in a saved file. If you load in a saved file the game will resume from where you left off. If new     game is selected then you can select the number of players and AI at the start of the game. Each Player starts off with $1500 and starts on the go tiles. They will then take     turns rolling and moving around the map as they collect properties and other tiles.

Map Controls:
  PageUp Key: Zooms into the map.

  PageDown Key: Zooms out from the map.

  Arrow Keys: Pressing the arrow keys moves the map in their respective directions.

Player Turn Controls:
  Roll: Pressing the roll button will randomize two 6-sided dice and then move you the sum of those dice. 

  Pass: A Player may click the pass button when they wish to end their turn. The player must have already rolled as you are required to roll before ending your turn

  Buy: If a Player is on a puchasable tile then the user can select to buy it by pressing the buy button. If the player cannot purchase the property the game will let them 
  know upon clicking the button and will tell them why they can not purchase the tile.
  
  Buy House: If a player owns a complete set of properties then they can hit Buy House and select the property to build the house on.
  
  Pay Jail Fine: If the player is in jail they then have the option to pay the jail fine.

  Auction: If a Player is on a puchasable tile then the user can select to auction that tile by pressing the auction button. The game will then let the players take turns         bidding
  
  Save: Once clicked the current game state will be saved allowing you to resume at later date.
  
  until one player is left in the auction or no one else can afford the property. If the player cannot auction the property the game will let them 
  know upon clicking the button and will tell them why they can not purchase the tile.

Win Conditions:
  To win the game one player must remain while all the others have been force to declare bankruptcy.
